we all have secrets the ones we keep and
the ones that are kept from us so tell
us a little bit about yourself mr.
Parker Peter lives with his aunt and
uncle who are you
I know how rough it's been without your
dad
you spent your whole life wondering
where your parents went but in order to
find the answers you must look within
how did you get out there fire escape
it's 20 stories your doorman is
intimidating
dr. Connors I'm Richard Parker something
I'll show you some of my father have
been working on thanks to you Peter
everything changed
ready to play God
I created
this is my responsibility
where do you go who does this to you
she do what you're up against if you
want the truth Peter
come & get it
you